# DIY-IT-SUPPORT-SYSTEM
This is my individual project for fourth year Computer Science Kabarak University. Involves improving IT support using an AI chatbot.
Problem Statement
In a tech intensive business world, time is of utmost importance. The systems whether customer management or otherwise need to be running smoothly to prevent any monetary repercussions. When there is a technical problem whether software, hardware or network, downtime usually occurs. Where time is a very crucial factor, losses may be incurred. The downtime usually varies with the response time and efficiency of the IT support team. Most of the time, the solution to these problems is straight forward ranging from network connection to slow PC remedies. If the employees are privy to these simple steps by getting a system that can be in the form of an assistant, a lot of time can be saved hence increasing productivity and seamless workflow.
Solution
The DIY IT Support System can mitigate the issue of downtime by incorporating AI models that can assist employees in a work environment to increase productivity by solving tech problems without calling for support where it is not necessary. Employees can use this to query problems encountered and get step by step remedies related to their problem. This system can be tailor made thus helping in organizations which have specific systems that are used in daily running of operations. It cancels out the noise of irrelevant information that search engines and open AI platforms offer that proves to be ambiguous most of the times.

